1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
answer:
* is an expression
hello is a value
-87.8 is a value
- is an expression
/ is an expression
+ is an expression

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
answer:

string: String is a data type in python. String is a sequence of characters. 
        In pytho we have str() method to conevrt a value to string
 
variable: A avrable is name given to a memory location to store the values.

3. Describe three different data types.
answer:

integer: It is a built in data type in python which specifies the integer values.

String:String is a data type in python. String is a sequence of characters. 
        In pytho we have str() method to conevrt a value to string

Flaot:It is a built in data type in python which specifies the integer values which has floating points.

boolean: Pyhton has two Boolean operators i.e., True and False.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
answer:
 An expression is made up of operators and operands.
 All expressions will perform mathmatical and logical operations

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?
answer:
 Expresion: An expression is a combination of both operators and operands.
 
 statement:

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

answer:
    bacon=23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?

'spam'+'spamspam'
'spam'*3
  
answer:
  Both are same

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
answer:
 eggs:It obeys al the rules of the variables, so it is valid.
 
 100: it is not valid, because a variable does not start with integer.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?

answer:
 integer: int()
 Float: float()
 string: str()

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten'+ 99 +'burritos'

answer:
 it is raising an error due to stirng is concatenating with integer.
 correct method is-- 'I have eaten'+ '99' +'burritos'



