1. What does one mean by the term "machine learning"?
ans:
Machine Learning is the field of study that gives computers the capability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
 ML is one of the most exciting technologies that one would have ever come across. As it is evident from the name, 
it gives the computer that makes it more similar to humans: The ability to learn.
 Machine learning is actively being used today, perhaps in many more places than one would expect.

2.Can you think of 4 distinct types of issues where it shines?
ans:
1.spam classifier
2.anomoly detection
3.wine quality prediction
4.online deliery time prediction

3.What is a labeled training set, and how does it work?
ans:
The labelled dataset is a well organised data dataset which is used for training machine learning model.

4.What are the two most important tasks that are supervised?
ans:
1.Regression
2.Cassification

5.Can you think of four examples of unsupervised tasks?
ans:
1.customer segmentation
2.spam messages clustering
3.product segmentation
4.recommendation system

6.State the machine learning model that would be best to make a robot walk through various
unfamiliar terrains?
ans:
 The machine learning model that would be best to make a robot walk through various unfamiliar terrains is reinforcement learning.

7.Which algorithm will you use to divide your customers into different groups?
ans: Unsupervised algorithms like clustering such as KMeans,heirarchical clustering etc.

8.Will you consider the problem of spam detection to be a supervised or unsupervised learning
problem?
ans: The spam detection or classification is the task of supervised learning and the spam message clustering is unsupervised machine learning.

9.What is the concept of an online learning system?
ans:
Online learning is a common technique used in areas of machine learning where it is computationally infeasible to train over the entire dataset, 
requiring the need of out-of-core algorithms. It is also used in situations where it is necessary for the algorithm to dynamically adapt to new 
patterns in the data, or when the data itself is generated as a function of time, e.g., stock price prediction.

10.What is out-of-core learning, and how does it differ from core learning?
ans:
It is a way to train your model on data that cannot fit your core memory.
Out-of-core learning refers to the machine learning algorithms working with data that cannot fit into a single machine's 
memory but can easily fit into some data storage, such as a local hard disk or web repository.

11.What kind of learning algorithm makes predictions using a similarity measure?
ans:
The best example of learning algorithm makes predictions using similarity measure is Recommendation System.

12.What's the difference between a model parameter and a hyperparameter in a learning
algorithm?
ans:
model parameter:
       The parameters that are passed to train the model,but not results the optimal output.
hyperparameter:
       The parameters that brings the optimal results of a model.

13.What are the criteria that model-based learning algorithms look for? What is the most popular
method they use to achieve success? What method do they use to make predictions?
ans:
1.Accuracy:
      The model should accurately capture the patterns and relationships in the input data.
2.Generalizability: 
      The model should be able to make accurate predictions on new, unseen data, not just the data it was trained on.

14.Can you name four of the most important Machine Learning challenges?
ans:
1.Spam Classification
2.Reommendation System
3.Web Traffic Analysis
4.Future Pediction

15.What happens if the model performs well on the training data but fails to generalize the results
to new situations? Can you think of three different options?
ans:
 If the Model Fails to generalize the results to new situations, then the condition is overfitting.
    that model only gives the accuracy for the training data, but the accuracy is less for the testing data.

16.What exactly is a test set, and why would you need one?
ans:
 The Test set is the Completely unknown dataset.
 The Test set is used to find the accuracy of the model.

17.What is a validation set's purpose?
ans:
 The purpose of the validaion set is to train the model on the unknown dataset.

18.What precisely is the train-dev kit, when will you need it, how do you put it to use?
ans:
 Train-Dev kit:
     The train-dev kit, also known as the development set, is a subset of the training data used in machine learning 
     that is reserved for evaluating and fine-tuning the performance of the model during the development phase.
     It will be needed while training the data.
     It will be used in Hyperparameter tuning, model selection etc.

19.What could go wrong if you use the test set to tune hyperparameters?
ans:
   If you use the test set for hyperparametre tuning, then the model is said to be trained, so it is not going to be test set.

