1. Describe the structure of an artificial neuron. How is it similar to a biological neuron? What
are its main components?
ans:
    An artificial neuron, also known as a perceptron, is a basic building block of artificial neural networks.
    It interpretes the working of the biological neuron.
    The Major components are the Input, Output, Activation Function, Bais, Optimizer.

2. What are the different types of activation functions popularly used? Explain each of them.
ans:
   Relu:
     The function which will makes the value between max(0,infinite)
   Sigmoid:
     The function which will makes the value between 0 to 1.

3.
1. Explain, in details, Rosenblatt’s perceptron model. How can a set of data be classified using a
simple perceptron?
ans:
    Rosenblatt's perceptron model is a type of artificial neural network that is used for binary classification problems.
    The data is classified by initialising the weights, feeeding the inputs, optimizing the results, reducing the error and getting the perfectt model.

2. Use a simple perceptron with weights w 0 , w 1 , and w 2  as -1, 2, and 1, respectively, to classify
data points (3, 4); (5, 2); (1, -3); (-8, -3); (-3, 0).
ans:
  We need to use the dot product for the output,
  For (3,4)-> -1+3*2+4*1 = 9 = 1
  For (5,2)-> -1+5*2+2*1= 11 = 1
  For (1,3)-> -1+1*2+3*1= 4 = 1
  For (-8,-3)-> -1+-8*2+-3*1= -20 = -1
  For (-3,0)-> -1+-3*2+0*1= -7 = -1

2. Explain the basic structure of a multi-layer perceptron. Explain how it can solve the XOR
problem.
ans:
  Multi-Layer Perceptron contains more than one nueral network layers to make model.
  To solve the XOR we need one input layer, one hidden layer and the output layer,
  where the input layer contains two nuerons, hidden layer contains two nuerons and the output layer contains only one nueron.

3. What is artificial neural network (ANN)? Explain some of the salient highlights in the
different architectural options for ANN.
ans :
 The ANN are used to train the model, and the working is based on the biological assumptions,
 the ANN are also used to train the non-linear models

4. Explain the learning process of an ANN. Explain, with example, the challenge in assigning
synaptic weights for the interconnection between neurons? How can this challenge be
addressed?
ans:
 For Example consider a regression problem,
 Firstly the model will assigns the wieghts called as the parameters,
 Secondly it will feed the input data and predict the output based on the initiaised weights and the activation function.
 Thirdly it will find the error between predicted and the actual output.
 Fourthly it will backpropagate the model to reinitialize the weights to increase the performance of the model.

5. Explain, in details, the backpropagation algorithm. What are the limitations of this
algorithm?
ans:
 The backpropagation algorithm is used to reinitialize the weights of the model to increase the performance of the model.
 The backpropagation algorithm is limited to the model performance that it should be in such a way that the performance of the model is not going to decrease.

6. Describe, in details, the process of adjusting the interconnection weights in a multi-layer
neural network.
ans:
 At initial Stage, the model is always initialize the weights randomly, then it will use the backpropagation algorithm  to adjust their weights
 by using the optimizers like Gradient Descent and Adam Optimizer.

7. What are the steps in the backpropagation algorithm? Why a multi-layer neural network is
required?
ans:
  1. Feeding Input
  2. Finding Error
  3. Back Propagation
  4. Adjusting Weights

  The multi - layer nueral network is used to get the high performanced model.

8. Write short notes on:

1. Artificial neuron
2. Multi-layer perceptron
3. Deep learning
4. Learning rate

ans:
 Artificial neuron:
     A function which is used to predict the feature by using the initialised weights.
 Multi-layer perceptron:
     ANN layer consists of more than two layers is called as multi - layer perceptron.
 Deep learning:
     Deep Learning is the subset of Machine Learning which is used to perform future predictions on image dataset, text dataset etc.
 Learning rate:
     Learning Rate is a Hyperparametr which is used to indicate how fast the optimizer will work to increase the performance of the model.

2. Write the difference between:-

1. Activation function vs threshold function
2. Step function vs sigmoid function
3. Single layer vs multi-layer perceptron

ans:
  1. Activation function vs threshold function:
    Activation function:
          Activation Function which can be used to activate the nuerons while processing.
    Threshold function:
         this function makes any value into any certain limited value.
  2. Step function vs sigmoid function:
     Step Function:
           A step function is a mathematical function that maps an input to an output of either 0 or 1,
           based on whether the input is above or below a certain threshold. 
     sigoid Function:
           A function which will used to convert any value into 0 to 1.
  3. Single layer vs multi-layer perceptron:
    Single layer:
           The single-layer perceptron consists of only one layer of neurons that directly connect to the inputs, 
           and a single output neuron that produces the final output.
    multi-layer perceptron:
            the MLP consists of multiple layers of neurons, including one or more hidden layers, which allows for the extraction of
            complex, non-linear features from the input data.

 